--KEY--
? = may or may not, undecided on this point
tab over = subset of particular point
-------

Make wood only breakable via axe
remove vanilla tools
remove various TC modifiers/tool heads
add weather
add physics
finish world gen
make ores spawn in a better way
	add certain ores to the rock type blacklist, so players go to a specific rock type to find a certain ore
		done via minereaology
tech tree
	start with few options, then branch out, give players choices in what they can do (or at least indroduce them to a varaity of mods)
	expand early game?
		pre industrialization
	start with TC
		tools will be TC, but more advanced tools should be better than TC tools, giving incentive to upgrade
	Progression
		get flint, make TC flint hatchet
			need to do some recieps, benches won't be available
			some kind of napping would be nice
		use chopping block to get planks
		gather food
			may want to make food rarer
				needs testing/feedback
		TC workbenchs
		Flint pickaxe
			needs to be nerfed, made limited-only good for mining stone and iron
		smeltery
			gives metal tools, can do more things, and faster
		BWM
			get a sawmill, and something to power it
				wind/water etc.
			might also integrate more into pack
				make BMW a very large mid/lower-tier of pack
		industrializing
			mekanism boiler/turbine
			ore processing
				want to have more than 1 tier of this
			cool shizzle becomes open for players
		
	Ore Processing
		first ore processing shopuld be smeltery
			remove v. furnace?
				clay bucket exists, so can use that to get fuel for smeltery
		
	Power Generation
		Mekanism boiler, feeds into MK turbine (or other)
			pick a heat source? or leave up to player?
			make cheaper/more expensive?
				otherwise getting to industrial phace will be through a huge wall, which may not be that bad...
			tear 1 power
		
add immersive engineering
modify recipes so that everything flows smoothly
make sensitive machines/uninsuklated wires "break" in rain/thunder
add in tips to help players
make in game guide book
	use enchiridion
	REALLY needed for MK multiblocks, and for starting the pack
give players more building options
	may not be needed at this time
remove the tools and doors from bade and modern metals
all gears, plates, rods, and ingots (+etc.) will be from modern and base metals, where possible
nerf mekanism storage
remove MK flamethrower, or at least the smelt mode?
remove heat generator
may want to buff power requirements for machines to compenste for turbines
	that ore nerf them, 800x10^9 RF/t is a bit silly, but that IS max turbine and a fusion reactor
		need to check recipes
posibly remove Block Drops, heavily increases load time, may nto be super useful
use BWM